docs: add note on using array session variables in permission builder (close #5578) (#5595)
hasura/graphql-engine: docs/graphql/manual/auth/authorization/roles-variables.rst

   Support for using session variables for array operators like ``_in``, ``_nin``, ``_has_any_keys``,
   ``_has_all_keys`` is only added in ``beta.3`` release.

> When you use ``_in`` rule in Hasura portal, it might give you an array with your value in it. If your value is already an array, you can simply edit the result to remove the brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use  the ``_in`` rule in the permissions builder (in Hasura console), it will automatically open an array for your values. If your value is already an array, you can manually edit the JSON expression (shown above the builder) to remove the brackets.
```

> When you use  the ``_in`` operator in the permissions builder (in Hasura console), it will automatically open an array for your values. If your value is already an array, you can manually edit the JSON expression (shown above the builder) to remove the brackets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you use  the ``_in`` operator in the permissions builder (in Hasura console), it will automatically open an array for your values. If your value is already an array, you can manually edit the permission expression (shown above the builder) to remove the brackets.
```
